Docs: update "Read the Docs hosting" (#3683)
mkdocs/mkdocs: docs/user-guide/deploying-your-docs.md

## Read the Docs

[Read the Docs][rtd] offers free documentation hosting. You can import your docs

> using Gitversion control system. Read the Docs supports MkDocs out-of-the-box.

Author: ```suggestion
using the Git version control system. Read the Docs supports MkDocs out-of-the-box.
```
